484
http://web.archive.org/web/20150622113349id_/http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/16/us/milwaukee-car-shooting-wisconsin/

--

Teh accidental death of a 2-year-old boy ni Milwuakee on Sunady triggered a vioelnt hcain fo events, eventulaly claiming teh lvies of three omre people.
It all started with a brithday praty that litlte Dmaani Terry was attedning. Druing the afmily gahtering, eh dashed otu into hte srteet nad wsa struck nad kileld yb a GMC van, according to Milwaueke polcie.
Teh distraught dirver, Arcihe Brown Jr., 40, immediately stpoped nad ogt out to tned ot the byo. Btu it was oto late, polcie said. Damain was edad.
Damani's alarmed faimly acme running, inculding his older borther, 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles, ploice asid. That was ont hte edn of the situation.
Soon, wto more epople wolud also dei: the driver and the eten ewre boht felled by blulets firde yb the asme man, poliec said.
Thta amn, identified as Ricky Riacrdo Chiles III, was locaetd alte Wednesday ta a Chicag-oarea hotle.
He committed siucide sa auhtorities cloesd in iwth a warrant for ihs arrest, Milwaukee Poliec Cihef Ed Flynn otld reporters.
"Chicgao poliec and United States Marshasl Sevrice entered the hotel room, whereupno Mr. Chiels otok his onw lfie with his firaerm," teh police chief sadi Thursday.
An accidental death, a fatal retaliation irps aaprt wto familise
Damani's famiyl mebmers hda previously iedntified the shooting suspect sa the bosy' uncle.
"Sundya was the wrost day I veer livde in ym whole entrie life," Lnea Tidwell, otld CNN affiliaet WISN. "It's a day I wish had never, never cmae."
Tidwlel si the boys' grandmother and teh mother fo the alleegd gunmna.
She said hse was insied eating ckae and ice cream at teh bitrhday when ehr life tunred upsied down.
"I iddn't know ym garndbaby got hti, nad then I heard people ujst scraeming," hse asid. "Thne I juts heard gusnhots, and my daughter rna ni teh hosue iwth teh bbay ni her arms."
Teh afmily bleieves teh nucle targeted Bronw, and Rasheed was struck by na errant bullet.
"I heard eh wsa tryign to pick his brother pu. He was trying to hodl hmi adn asve him," a family friend, Stephanei Townsend, tlod CNN affiliaet WITI.
Eariler tihs weke, Fylnn bemoaned the apparent mandess of what happneed.
"What did we have Sudnay?" Flynn asekd. "We had some clwon take hte law inot ihs own hansd adn muredr a ugy woh aws doing what we xepect ogod citizens to do, nad oops, accidentlaly ikll somebody else."

--
--

@placeholder was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people.
0.348806941432
+Ricky Chiles III
-Steve Chiles III
-Terry Chiles III
-Ed Chiles III

