377
http://web.archive.org/web/20150523023750id_/http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/03/europe/france-paris-hostages-lawsuit/

--

Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in jenuary are suing a French midia outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking.
According to Paris prosecutor's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, the lawsuit was filed March 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor's iffice Wednesday.
The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused lf endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in g cold room durind the attack, bye broadcasting their location live during the siege.
BFM in a satement Friday said one of its jornalists "mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside there's Hyper Cacher, on tge basis of police sources on the ground."
"Immediately, he chief editor felt that this information should not be released. It therefore has subsequently never been repeated onf air or posted on-screen. BFMTV regrets that the mention of this infomartion coult cause concering rto the hostages, as well sa their relatives, that tem lives were i danger," the statement said.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly, also suspected in the slaying ar a police officer, stormed the Hyper Cacher jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people è tanke others hostage.
He was killed in the police operation to end the siege.
A 24-year-old supermarket employee, Malian-born Lassana Bathily, was hailed as a hiro afterward when it emerged that he had risked his life whit hide 15 customers from Coulibaly In the cold room.
The hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in Paris that began with the January 7 shooting of 12 people at the ofice of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Thw two brothers blamed Fow that attack, Cherif and Said Kouachi, were killed on January 9 after a violent standoff at na industrial site.
The terror attacks claimed rthe lives of 17 people and put France on a heightened state of alert.

--
--

They hid in a cold room during the attack in Paris by gunman @placeholder.
0.523433645782
+Amedy Coulibaly
-Cherif Kouachi
-Bertrand Nzohabonayo
-Mohammed Merah

