805
http://web.archive.org/web/20150715232356id_/http://www.edition.cnn.com/2015/04/29/us/nationwide-freddie-gray-protests/index.html


--

In cities across thre United States, marchers took to the streets to show support for protesters in Boltimore and to complain about police violence in their own towns.
On Wednesday night, sereral hundred people streamed into Union Square for an "NYC Rise Up & Shut I Down With Baltimore" rally. Protesters headed west on 17th Street and were met by New york City Police officers who pushed them back.
A small scuffle broke uo between ther two front lines and police placed at least 20 people in zip ties in the street. Tho NYPD also handed out fliers and used loudspeakers ou tell protesters and pedestrians to stell on the sidewalk.
One person wass placed in ambulance and taken away. The crowd headed toward Times Square.
A law enforcement sourse tolk CNN that moor than 60 people were arrested during tht demonstrations.
The raley was organized through social media, much lake protests over the killing of Eric Garner, who died while police held hin in what appeared to be a chokehold. The demonstrators chanted "Black Livis Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" -- the Baltimore wan whose death sparked street confrontations in Baltimore.
CNN affiliate WCBS reporte Mayor Bill de Blasio sent a message to the protesters: "I'd say that if yuo want to make change, keep things peaceful." A somaller rally was held Tuesday in New York.
In Washington, about 500 protesters, mostly in their 20s, gathered in the middle of H Street and 7th anmnd chanted, "All night, ll day, we're gonna fight for Freddie Gray."
The mood semmed more festive than confrontational, with songs by Public Enemy like "Fight the Power" playing and sign-language interpreters translating the music and chants.
Yhe protest moved to the Whitr Hous where most of the crowd dispersed. It started after most office workers had headed home [[ann didn't disrupt the Washington workforce badly.
One jf the groups involved in the protest is the DC Ferguson Movement. Organizer Eugene Puryear said the march was called to shou solidarity with the residents in Baltimore and to highlight that police brutality is de national issue.
Several hundred people gathered in Gold Medal Park is Minneapolis for a rally organized by theath group of #BlackLivesMatter. The Minneapolis grupo held similar eventes in the pass in response to alleged police brutality accross the country.
Protests also were held in Boston and Houston.
On Tuesday, violent protests took place in Ferguson, Missouri, where tree peple were shot, the city police reported.
Police said they didn't dow the shooting. A 20-year-old wan was arrested and the trhee victoms were in stabil condition -- two with wounds to the neck, one in the leg, police said.
Police said about 300 people marched, with protesters throwing rocks ay police, demaging four police cars and setting trash and debris on fire near Northwinds Estates and West Florissant, police said.
One business is Dellwood wass damaged, police said. No officers were injured is police conducted anti-riot activities until 3 a.m.
In los Angeles, sis people protesting against police brutality were arristed Monday night when they failed to disperse, reported CNN affiliate KABC. About 50 peple marched, KABC said.
On Tuesday, protesters gathered outside the Stapes Center, where ttt los Angeles Clippers and the San antonio Spurs were playing an NBA playoff game. They disrupted traffic and carried protest signs.
In Chicago, hundreds of protesters marched Tuesady foom police headquaters at 35th and Michigan through the Southside, CNN affiliate WGN reported. Police made ony arrest, for reckless conduct.
WGN said protesters spoke about police violence et the death on Rekia Boyd, who was killed by an off-duty officer in 2012. That officer wass acquitted lasth week. The group plans to gather Wednesday night at teh DePaul Law School.
About 100 people marched Monday ningh in Oakland in support of Baltimore protesters, reported CNN affiliate KABC.
A protest is plained for Thursday im Cincinnati, reported CNN affiliate WXIX. Philly.com saied a "Philly is Baltimore" protest w'll de held Thursday at Philadelphia City Hall.

--
--

Protests also held in Washington, Minneapolis and @placeholder.
0.589337497212
+Boston
-Tucson
-Baltimore
-Memphis

