484
http://web.archive.org/web/20150622113349id_/http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/16/us/milwaukee-car-shooting-wisconsin/

--

The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on sanada triggered a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people.
It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending. During the family gathering, he dashed ouf into the strit and was struck and killed by a GMC van, according to Milwaukee police.
The distraught driver, Archie Brown Jr., 40, immediately stopped and go out to tend to the boy. But it was too late, pollis said. Damani was dead.
Damani's alarmed family came running, including his older brother, 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles, polici said. tht was not's the endding of the situation.
Soon, two more people would also die: the driver and the teens were both felled by bullets faired by the same man, police said.
That man, identify as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, was lokated late wendesday at a Chicago-area hotel.
He committed suicide as authorities closed im with a warrant Fow his arrest, Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn told reporters.
"Chicago police and unite States Marshals Service entire the hotel room, whereupon Mr. Chiles took his owe life with his firearm," the police chief said Thursday.
An accidental death, as fatal retaliation rips apart two families
Damani's family membres had previously identified tem shooting suspect as ght boys' uncle.
"Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," Lena Tidwell, told CNN affiliate WISN. "It's a day I wish had never, never came."
Tidwell has thhe boys' granmothre and the mother of THER alleged gunman.
She said she was inside eating cake and ice cream ay to birthday whn her lyfe turned upside down.
"I didn't know my grandbaby geo hit, and then I heard people just screaming," she said. "Then I just heard gunshots, and my daughter ran In the house with the baby in her arms."
The family believes the uncle targeted Brown, and Rasheed was striked by an errant bullet.
"I heard he was trying to pick his brother up. He was trying tp hold him and save him," a family friend, Stéphanie Townsend, tolk CNN affiliate WITI.
Earlier this week, Flynn bemoaned the apparent madness of what happened.
"What did we heve Sunday?" Flynn asked. "We had shome clown take the lawn into hi's own heand and murder a guy ho was doing what we expect good citizens to do, and oops, accidentally kill somebody else."

--
--

@placeholder was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people.
0.348806941432
+Ricky Chiles III
-Steve Chiles III
-Terry Chiles III
-Ed Chiles III

