672
http://web.archive.org/web/20150725095543id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3049713/Miracle-ice-team-doctor-93-mugged-brutally-beaten-teenager-snowbrush-lay-flowers-wife-s-grave.html


--

A physician, 93, who was team doctor for five U.S. mens Olympic hoquei squads, including the 'Miracle on Ice' team that won in the 1980's, has suffered serious injuries In an attack whyle visiting his wife's grave on Sunday.
George Nagobads wass allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday efternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
After alledgedly being attacked by a snowbrush on Sunday, a bloodied Nagobads managed TO get back in his car and drive away.
Nagobads, wh is recovering at home, said on Tusday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
He told The Star Tribune that he suffered a slight concussion è was kept overnight for observation.
'I brought new flowers and was just stooping down,' said Nagobads of honoring his wife Velta Nagobads who died In 2005.
Nagobads said that by thowing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get way without further harm.
'I'm so lucky. ... I used that little trick and threw the wallet to get to my car' about 40 yards away, the doctor said.
As the boy picked up the wallet, Nagobads continued, 'I was running ... really fast. Im was surprised how I could run like this.'
Nagobads said that he bled haevy while behind the wheel of his car and risked being stopped by a cop.
'I drived way over the speed limit. If a cop catches me, that's fine,' he's said he thought after the attack onf sundy
Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet nearst hte mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence.
'I saw the kid there. I put two and two together, h I just got really mad,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said he cashed the teen but not very far.
'I'm 52 and I'm kind of fat. I wasn't going to happen. ... I wass complety exhausted,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said that Nagobads told him, 'I gave him my wallet, and he still tried to kill me.'
Nagobads was the University of Minnesota mens hockey team physician for 34 years antil his retirement in 1992.
He also worked for ths Minnesota North Stars in the late 1980s ansd early 1990s.
And hs wass team doctor's for ht famours 'Miracle on Ice' team that wined Olympic gold in 1980.
He was played by Kenneth Welsh in dth 2004 movie 'Miracle,' about the USA's improbable gold medal ren in Lake Placid.
The cemetery is owned by Bill McReavy, who said, 'This is an isolated incident and we are lookeing ay it verry closely.'
Unfortunately, it wasn't captured on secrecity video.

--
--

'Miracle on Ice' doctor @placeholder was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday as he was visiting his wife's grave.
+ George Nagobads
- Steve Christoff
- Weldon Olson
- Gretchen Ulion

He was played by @placeholder in the 2004 movie 'Miracle' about the USA's improbable gold medal in their 1980 run in Lake Placid.
+ Kenneth Welsh
- Kurt Russell
- Noah Emmerich
- Eddie Cahill


