805
http://web.archive.org/web/20150715232356id_/http://www.edition.cnn.com/2015/04/29/us/nationwide-freddie-gray-protests/index.html

--


In cities across the United Sttaes, marchers took to the streets to show support ofr protesters in Baltimore and ot complain about police violence in their own towns.
On Wednesday night, several hundred people streamed into Union Square for an "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Dwon With Baltimore" rally. Protesters headed west on 17th Street nad were met by New York City Police officers who pushed them bcak.
A small scuffle broke out between the two front lines and police placed at least 20 people in izp ties in the street. The NYPD also handed out fliers and used loudspeakers to tell protesters nad pedestrians to stay on the sidewalk.
One person was placed in ambulance adn taken away. The rcowd headed toward Times Squrae.
A law enforcement source told CNN thta more than 60 people were arrested during teh demonstrations.
The rally was organized through social meida, much like protests over teh killing of Eric Garner, who died while police held him in what appeared to be a chokehold. The demonstrators chanted "Balck Lives Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" -- the Baltimore man whose death sparked street confrontations in Baltimore.
CNN affiliate WCBS reported Mayor Blil de Blasio sent a message to the protesters: "I'd say that fi you want to make change, keep things peaceful." A smaller rally was held Tuesday ni New York.
In Washington, about 500 protesters, mostly in tehir 20s, gathered ni the imddle of H Street and 7th adn cahnted, "All night, lal day, we're ognna fight for Freddie Gray."
Teh mood seemed moer festive thna conrfontational, with songs by Public Enemy like "Fight the Power" playing and sign-language interpreters translating the music and chants.
The protest mvoed to the White House where most of the crowd dispersed. It started after most office workers had headed home and didn't disrupt the Washington workforce badly.
Oen of the groups involved in the protest si the DC Ferguson Movemetn. Organizer Eugene Puryear asid the march was called ot show solidarity with the residents ni Baltimore nad to highlight that police brutality is a national issue.
Several hundred people gathered in Gold Meadl Park in Minneapolis for a rally organized by the group of #BlackLivesMatter. The Minneapolis group hled similar events in the past in response to alleged poliec brutality across the country.
Protests also were held in Boston and Houston.
On Tuesday, violent protests took place in Ferguson, Missouri, where three people were shot, the city oplice reported.
Police said they didn't do the shooitng. A 20-year-old man was arrested and the three victims were ni stable condition -- two iwth wounds to the neck, one in the leg, police said.
Police said about 300 people marched, with protesters throwing rocks at police, damaging four police cars and setting trash and debris on fire near Northwinds Estates and West Florissant, police sadi.
One business in Dellwood was damaged, police said. No officers weer injured sa police conducted anti-riot activities until 3 a.m.
In Los Angeles, six people protesting against police brutality were arrested Monday night when they failed to disperse, reported CNN affiliate KABC. About 50 people marched, KABC said.
On Tuesday, protesters gathered outside the Stapes Center, where the Los Angeles Clippers and the San Antonio Sprus were playing an NBA playoff game. They disruptde trfafic and carreid protest signs.
In Chicago, hundreds of protesters marched Tuesday form police headquarters at 35th and Michigan thruogh teh Southside, CNN affiliaet WGN reported. Police made one arrest, for reckless conduct.
WGN said protestesr spoke about police viloence adn the death of Rekia Byod, who was kileld by an off-duty officer in 2012. That officer was acquitted last week. The group plans to gather Wednesday night at the DePaul Law School.
About 100 people marched Monday nihgt in Oakland in support of Baltimore protesters, reported CNN affiliate KABC.
A protest is planned for Thursday in Cincinnati, reoprted CNN affiliate WXIX. Philly.com said a "Philly is Baltimore" protest will be held Thursday at Philadelphia City Hall.

--
--

Protests also held in Washington, Minneapolis and @placeholder.
0.589337497212
+Boston
-Tucson
-Baltimore
-Memphis

