484
http://web.archive.org/web/20150622113349id_/http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/16/us/milwaukee-car-shooting-wisconsin/

--

The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggerde a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people.
It all started iwth a birthday party that ilttle Damani Terry was attending. During the family gathering, he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a GMC van, according to Milwuakee police.
The distraught drvier, Archie Borwn Jr., 40, immeidately stopepd and got out to tend to the byo. But it was too late, police said. Damani was edad.
Damani's alarmed family acme running, including his older brother, 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles, police said. That was not the end of the siutation.
Soon, two more peopel wuold also die: the driver and hte teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man, polcie said.
That man, identified as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, was located late Wednesday at a Chicago-area hotel.
He committed suicide as authorities closed in with a warrant for his arrest, Milwuakee Police Cihef Ed Flynn told reporters.
"Chicago police and United States Marshals Service entered the hotel room, whereupon Mr. Chiles took his own life iwth his firearm," the police chief said Tuhrsday.
An accidental death, a fatal retaliation rips apart two families
Damani's family members had previously identified the hsooting suspect as hte boys' uncle.
"Sunday was the worst day I ever lievd in my wohle entire life," Lena Tidwell, told CNN affiliate WISN. "It's a day I wish had never, never came."
Tidwell is the boys' grandmother and the mother of hte alleged gunman.
She said she was inside eating cake adn ice cream at the birthday when her life turned upside down.
"I ddin't knwo my grandbaby got hit, and then I heard people just screaming," she said. "Then I just heard gunshots, and my daughter ran in the house with the baby ni her amrs."
Teh family beileves the uncle targeted Brown, and Rasheed was strcuk yb an errant bullet.
"I heard he was triyng to pick his brother up. He was trying to hold him and save him," a afmily friend, Stephanie Townsend, told CNN affliiate WITI.
Earlier this week, Flynn bemoaned the paparent madenss of what happened.
"What did we have Sunday?" Flynn asked. "We had some clwon take the lwa into his own hands and murder a guy who was doing what we expect good citizens to do, and oops, accidentally kill somebody else."

--
--

@placeholder was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people.
0.348806941432
+Ricky Chiles III
-Steve Chiles III
-Terry Chiles III
-Ed Chiles III

