377
http://web.archive.org/web/20150523023750id_/http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/03/europe/france-paris-hostages-lawsuit/

--

Sxi survivors of the Paris kosher supremarket siege in January are suing a Frecnh mdeia outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting durign the hostage-taking.
According to Paris prosecutor's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, the lawsuit aws filed March 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor's office Wednesday.
The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in a clod room during the attack, by broadcasting tehir location live during the siege.
BFM in a statement Fridya said one of its journalists "mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the Hyper Cacher, on the basis of police sources on the ground."
"Immediately, the chief eidtor felt that this information should not be released. It therefore ahs subsequently never bene repeated on air or posted on-screen. BFMTV regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages, as well as their relatievs, that their lives were in danger," the statement sadi.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly, alos suspected in the slaying of a police officer, stormed the Hyper Cacher Jweish supermarket on January 9, killing four people and taking othesr hostage.
He was killed ni the police operation to end the siege.
A 24-year-old supermarket employee, Malian-born Lassana Bathily, was hailed as a hero afterward when it emerged that he had risked his life to hide 15 customers from Coulibaly in the cold room.
The hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in Paris that ebgan with the January 7 shooting of 12 people at the offices of French satircial magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The two brothers blamed for that attakc, Cherif and Said Kouachi, were killed on January 9 after a vioelnt standoff at an industrial site.
The terror attacks claimed teh lives of 17 people and upt France on a ehightened sttae of alert.

--
--

They hid in a cold room during the attack in Paris by gunman @placeholder.
0.523433645782
+Amedy Coulibaly
-Cherif Kouachi
-Bertrand Nzohabonayo
-Mohammed Merah

