672
http://web.archive.org/web/20150725095543id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3049713/Miracle-ice-team-doctor-93-mugged-brutally-beaten-teenager-snowbrush-lay-flowers-wife-s-grave.html

--


A physician, 93, who was etam docotr for fiev U.S. men's Olympic hockey squads, including the 'Miracle no Ice' team that won in the 1980's, has suffered serious inujries in an attack while visiting his wife's grave on Sunday.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a etenager on Sunday faternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was releasde from the hospital on Tuesday wiht 18 stitches in his head.
After allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush on Sunday, a bloodied Nagobads managed to get back in his car nad drive away.
Nagobads, who si recovering at home, said no Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
He told The Satr Tribune that he suffered a slight concussion and was kept overnight for obseravtion.
'I brought new flowers and was just stooping down,' said Nagobads of honoring his wife Velta Nagboads who died in 2005.
Nagobads said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm.
'I'm so lukcy. ... I used that little trick and threw the wallet to get to my car' abuot 40 yards away, the doctor said.
As the boy picked up the wallet, Nagobads continued, 'I was running ... really fast. I was surprised how I could run liek this.'
Nagobads said that he bled heavily while behind teh wheel fo his car and risked being sotpped by a cop.
'I drove way over the speed limit. If a cop catches me, that's fine,' he said he thought after the attack no Sunday.
Wtiness Justin McCarhty says he saw a young man around the age of 14 ro 15 looknig through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jupming over a fence.
'I saw the kid there. I put two and two togetehr, and I just got really mad,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said he cahsed the teen but ont vrey far.
'I'm 52 and I'm kind of fat. It wasn't going to happen. ... I was completely exhausted,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said that Nagobads told him, 'I gave him ym wallet, and he still tried to ikll me.'
Nagobads was the University of Minnesota men's hockey team phyiscian for 34 years nutil his retirement ni 1992.
He also worked for the Minnesota North Stars in teh late 1980s and earyl 1990s.
And he wsa team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won Olympic gold in 1980.
He was played by Kenneth Welsh ni the 2004 movie 'Miracle,' about the USA's improbable ogld medal run in Lake Placid.
The cemetery is onwed yb Bill McReavy, who said, 'This is an isolated incident and we are looking at it very closely.'
Unfortunately, it wasn't captured on security video.

--
--

'Miracle on Ice' doctor @placeholder was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday as he was visiting his wife's grave.
+ George Nagobads
- Steve Christoff
- Weldon Olson
- Gretchen Ulion

He was played by @placeholder in the 2004 movie 'Miracle' about the USA's improbable gold medal in their 1980 run in Lake Placid.
+ Kenneth Welsh
- Kurt Russell
- Noah Emmerich
- Eddie Cahill


