995
   http://web.archive.org/web/20150723204110id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3041086/Mercedes-Benz-Fashion-Week-Australia-2015-Mini-s-Row-Aussie-style-crowd-copy-Kimye-Victoria-Beckham-bringing-kids-Fashion-Week.html

--

As the fashion crowd took their seats and the lights went down for the We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show in Sydney on Tuesday night, things took an unusual turn. 
The catwalk was replaced with a tennis court, the front row with stadium seating, and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight.
Instead, four strong, muscular women sashayed onto the grass, and proceeded to stretch and bend their bodies into yoga poses.
Lindy Klim, along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses.
The show opening made clear: We Are Handsome are celebrating strong, healthy shapes - the type of people they have designed their new Activewear collection for.
The models included ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance.
They carried tennis rackets, volleyballs, and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications. 
Daily Mail Australia spoke to the 'models' ahead of the show, which was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington.
Lindy Klim was excited to be returning to the 'catwalk' for the first time in nine years, and since becoming a mother.
The beautiful 37-year-old said she wasn't nervous despite being absent from the runway in nearly a decade, and the age difference between herself and the other participants.
'I’m quite comfortable with myself. I’m older than most girls here but 'I'm quite comfortable with my body and exercise a lot so it’s a good fit,' she said, adding that the We Are Handsome message aligned with her health and fitness philosophies. 

Klim told DMA that there is a start contrast in her fitness and diet habits when she is in Australia versus her life at home in Bali.
'I exercise in Bali for two hours a day, but then when I'm in Australia I don't exercise at all,' she revealed, adding that in Australia she struggles to find the time in her schedule.
'My diet in Bali is a lot healthier in Bali than it is in Australia. It's so much easier to eat really healthy food there, it's all organic, locally grown food.
'We don't snack in Bali either - we don't have chips and lollies and things, so I find it a lot easier to eat over there.
'When I'm in Australia I love to go out to restaurants, drink red wine, and i do that a lot during Fashion Week as well as its so social.'
Sjana Earp told DMA that she thought there had been a mistake when she was asked to model in a Fashion Week show.
The 20-year-old has a huge following on Instagram, where 680,000 followers are glued to her daily yoga poses.
'At first I was confused and double checked it was for runway,' she said. 'I was told fitness influencers were involved, so that was exciting, then I realised it was different from ‘normal modelling’.
'[We Are Handsome] have picked up on the fact social media has such a power for advertising.
'We’re all just regular girls, I think that we’re helping to promote a healthy body image. Fitness isn’t one shape or size, so we’re empowering one another and celebrating every single, shape, size and sport.’
'There’s a big thing about "who should be on the runway" so we know we’re breaking rules by having girls that have never been on a catwalk before (and who are nervous about it),' Katinka told Daily Mail Australia.
'But the rules are there to be broken, times have changed and girls who are active are the new shape. Strong really is the new sexy.'
'A lot of the girls are very big on Instagram and encourage people to follow in their active foot steps, so we have chosen experienced yogis, a ballerina, a sprinter and pole vaulter and people who embody healthy eating too,' said Jeremy

--

Klim told Daily Mail Australia that she exercises two hours a day in @placeholder... but barely makes it to the gym in Oz.
+ Bali
- Thailand
- Dubai
- Mauritius


