1867
   http://web.archive.org/web/20150724182530id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-3031838/The-beautiful-springtime-destinations-signature-blooms.html

--

The sun is shining, the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom. Spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours.
Whether you prefer a stroll around The Netherlands' Keukenhof Gardens, largely recognised as one of the world's most beautiful springtime wonders, or to take in the sights of the Smithsonian alongside Washington's cherry blossom trees, there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK.
MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins.
Come celebrate the breathtaking awakening of daffodils, tulips and hyacinths in the picturesque town of Lisse, just an hour by train from Amsterdam.
Known as one of the world's most beautiful gardens, the local Keukenhof boasts seven million blooms, stunning waterways, windmills and even a petting zoo for children. 
Stroll along the park's 15 kilometres of walking paths and explore the large indoor exhibition pavilions named after Dutch royals.
Also located nearby is the Keukenof Castle, a Dutch manor built in the 17th century.  
Visitors should note, however, that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited.
Still, despite the Keukenof Gardens being open only between March 20 to May 17 each year, the attraction sees more than one million visitors.
This year, the 32-hectare park will pay tribute to the late Van Gogh with their curated, hand-planted floral designs. 
It's hard to know just when the cherry blossoms will bloom in Japan each year, but in Kanazawa in the Ishikawa region of Japan, it's traditionally during the first half of the month of April.
Because the winter is generally cooler in the area, compared to Tokyo and Kyoto, it takes a bit longer for the blooms to thaw.
The nearby Kenrokuen Garden, designated as a National Site of Historical Significance, is part of the Kanazawa Castle grounds and open the public free of charge for the two weeks surrounding the cherry blossom season.
And be sure to stick around until sunset, as groundskeepers add fairy lights to the beautifully-hued trees in the evenings. 
For those looking to walk among the Belgian bluebells, it's a race against the clock.
Admirers flock to the Hallerbos, a forest in Flemish Brabant, Belgium, in hopes of spotting the flowers during their short stay each spring.
Making a sighting all the more tricky is that the flowers actually bloom at different times each year due to weather variations, although the website recommends a visit during the second half of April.
Described as the 'most unspoiled medieval town' in Europe, the rolling plains of Caceres is never more beautiful than when in full springtime bloom.
Head to the province in Extremadura, which has recently been given World Heritage status, to take in the local cherry blossoms and wander among the fields of lavender.
And don't miss out on a visit to the Jerte valley, which is famed for its two million cherry trees. 
Each year, usually around the second week in March, the Jerte valley cherry trees cover the mountainside in an impressive blanket of white flowers.
You'll have to plan your visit wisely, however, as the special flowering period only lasts around 10 days.
The Cherry Blossom Fiesta is held in the valley during the second week in March, as well, and includes exhibitions, musical performances and guided tours to the Los Infiernos Nature Reserve and the Cherry Museum. 
If you fancy a trip to the Big Apple, there's no better time than during the glorious springtime months.
In the summer, Manhattanites ditch the sweaty concrete jungle for reprieve in the Hamptons, but from April to June, bustling Central Park is the place to be for locals and newcomers alike.
Since first opening in the 1857, the park now sees more than 40 million visitors yearly, and while firmly entrenched on the tourist trail, there are plenty of places to explore off the beaten path.
Take a stroll through Shakespeare's Garden, chock full of magnolia and tulip blossoms, located just off Central Park West near the American Museum of Natural History.
Or soak up some sun in the wide open spaces of Sheep's Meadow.
There are plenty of places to get lost among the flowers in New York City's 843-acre park, including the famed Conservatory Garden, with Italian, French and Spanish influences.
Following a winter, rainy winter, the rolling hills of Northumberland begin to light up with the help of millions of vibrant, red poppies.
One of the most popular places to spot the flower is at the 'Poison Garden' exhibit at the Alnwick Gardens, the stunning outdoor complex adjacent to Alnwick Castle.
Generally, poppies reach full bloom in late spring and early summer, meaning there's plenty of time to book your escape to the countryside. 
The American south provides the backdrop of every Nicholas Sparks film for a reason.
Whether it's the city's signature live oak trees draped with Spanish moss or the beautiful spring blooms popping up in Forsyth Park, visitors are never far from a lush springtime treat.
In fact, Savannah's gorgeous greenery has even earned it the nickname, 'the Forest City,' thanks in large part to the many species of oak trees in the area.  
In the summer, the temperatures rise to a sweltering 35 degrees Celsius, but in the spring, the city is truly at its best.
Think: temperatures in the mild 20s, American comfort food and Georgia's signature Southern hospitality.
Plus, the charming architecture and bustling music and art scene will be sure to satisfy even the most discerning cultural palettes. 
For those who appreciate a bit of political commentary with their beautiful views, Washington D.C. is a must-visit this spring.
Take in the sights of the Smithsonian, the White House and the Washington Monument, all while experiencing the stunning cherry blossom trees lining the Potomac River.
And don't miss the city's famed National Cherry Blossom Festival, which celebrates the 1912 gift of 3,000 cherry trees from Mayor Yukio Ozaki of Tokyo.
This year, the festival runs through April 12.  
There's far more to the Lone Star State than simply delicious barbecue - though we do recommend a visit to The Salt Lick restaurant in nearby Driftwood - such as these impossibly beautiful springtime blooms.
They say that everything is bigger in Texas and the state's bluebonnets are no exception. 
The Texas Hill Country is a 25 county region in the Central and Southern part of the state, encompassing the capital city of Austin, and is known for its limestone and granite rocks.
The area's famed bluebonnets generally start blooming in mid-March and continue into April, though there are plenty of other varieties of flowers that appear later in the season. 
In Burnet, Texas, which is known as the 'Bluebonnet Capital' by the state legislature, a festival takes place each year during the second weekend of April.
Self-guided tours are available, though many travellers recommend simply stopping in to local cafes and shops and asking the owners where to go - no one knows the area better! 
Cotswolds, England 
Head to south central England in the spring for sightings of adorable baby lambs and vibrant wild daffodils, primroses and magnolias.
For those looking for the area's signature snowdrops, consider a trip to the Painswick Rococo Garden, set in a hidden Cotswold valley with stunning countryside views.
If you prefer bluebells, there are plenty of wooded areas blanketed with the popular flower in the region.
Head to Chedworth Nature Reserve in Gloucestershire in late April or early May to experience the vivid blues, or stop off at Standish Wood in the Cotswold Hills.
Both are great for those looking to see England's famed carpets of bluebells and in Standish Wood, the Cotswold Way National Trail runs through the entire estate. 
Though the temperatures are warming up, April, in particular, is still quite rainy - this is England, after all - so prepare for your walks and excursions accordingly.

--

In the Netherlands, the country's famed @placeholder are open only from March 20 through May 17.
+  Keukenhof Gardens
- Prinsentuin Gardens 
- Kasteel Well Gardens
- Noordeinde Gardens

Head to @placeholder, Japan, to take in the cherry tree blossoms, which traditionally bloom in the first half of April.
+ Kanazawa
- Fukuoka
- Yamagata
- Kagoshima

In nearby @placeholder, vibrant red poppies light up the area's rolling hills from late spring to early summer.
+ Northumberland
- Hamshire
- Suffolk
- Cornwall



