672
   http://web.archive.org/web/20150725095543id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3049713/Miracle-ice-team-doctor-93-mugged-brutally-beaten-teenager-snowbrush-lay-flowers-wife-s-grave.html


--

A physician, 93, who was team doctor for five U.S. men's Olympic hockey squads, including the 'Miracle on Ice' team that won in the 1980's, has suffered serious injuries in an attack while visiting his wife's grave on Sunday.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
After allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush on Sunday, a bloodied Nagobads managed to get back in his car and drive away.
Nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
He told The Star Tribune that he suffered a slight concussion and was kept overnight for observation.
'I brought new flowers and was just stooping down,' said Nagobads of honoring his wife Velta Nagobads who died in 2005.
Nagobads said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm.
'I'm so lucky. ... I used that little trick and threw the wallet to get to my car' about 40 yards away, the doctor said.
As the boy picked up the wallet, Nagobads continued, 'I was running ... really fast. I was surprised how I could run like this.'
Nagobads said that he bled heavily while behind the wheel of his car and risked being stopped by a cop.
'I drove way over the speed limit. If a cop catches me, that's fine,' he said he thought after the attack on Sunday.
Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence.
'I saw the kid there. I put two and two together, and I just got really mad,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said he chased the teen but not very far.
'I'm 52 and I'm kind of fat. It wasn't going to happen. ... I was completely exhausted,' said McCarthy.
McCarthy said that Nagobads told him, 'I gave him my wallet, and he still tried to kill me.'
Nagobads was the University of Minnesota men's hockey team physician for 34 years until his retirement in 1992.
He also worked for the Minnesota North Stars in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
And he was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won Olympic gold in 1980.
He was played by Kenneth Welsh in the 2004 movie 'Miracle,' about the USA's improbable gold medal run in Lake Placid.
The cemetery is owned by Bill McReavy, who said, 'This is an isolated incident and we are looking at it very closely.'
Unfortunately, it wasn't captured on security video.

--

'Miracle on Ice' doctor @placeholder was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday as he was visiting his wife's grave.
+ George Nagobads
- Steve Christoff
- Weldon Olson
- Gretchen Ulion

He was played by @placeholder in the 2004 movie 'Miracle' about the USA's improbable gold medal in their 1980 run in Lake Placid.
+ Kenneth Welsh 
- Kurt Russell
- Noah Emmerich
- Eddie Cahill 


