571
http://web.archive.org/web/20150721090713id_/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3023220/Wall-Street-trader-makes-2-5million-just-MINUTES-buying-selling-shares-tech-company-following-news-Twitter.html

--

on Wall Street treider closed oput fis week a fell millon doller richer last Friday - ane it wass alls thang trto social media.
Ther unnamed treider usd perfekt timing to capitalize oon onde of the bigest deals f tne yeah whan Wael strett Journal mergers anhd acquisitions reporter dana Mattioli tok rto Twitter tj announce that Intel wass i talcks trto bay 1 og i'ts competitors, chipmaker Altera.
Seconds later, e tragger hat snapped un 3,158 contracts off Altera, iwth rach option contact givving them the rigth tu purchase 100 shares.
CNBC report's thant th? treider payyed $36 a share, fnd de call optin wass a mere 35 cents ar options onteh the stock, ay thah poind valuad at $34.76 ein share, wery sep yo expire i just aa fews weeks.
Whene the maket closed by thwe day, Altera wass valued ay $44.39 por share.
That wass an increse og 28%, butm because oof che cll option, tte trader wass abled yo sills their stocks at a far greater profit.
Soo insead of marking ein 28% profit, to treider ade al 2,220% provit od roughtly $2.5million when then soled thire shares.
Evev move impressive it''s thst the treider mangemened to make the pourchase jus minutes befor Nasdaq suspended tradinq ar Altera bBecause of he tweet from Mattioli.
wat's more, coll opcions dor Altera had ay that poitn reached at p3rice ol $8.10 by thr end of the day.
therfe os also s chance, reports Matt Khouw, that she treider could have been awared af Intel's plnan to buy Altera early, ar thta thye sused a bot o guickly by to shares.
'A bot in noct a outlandish as in sounds,' Khouw said.
'Traders nead e aggregate and fileter through tremendous ammounts of dates quickly and will rely ou teconology tou help f it it''s available.'
Ad foe Intel's repertoried purchese af Altera, that stil hs yeat ro happen.
Meanwhile, Intel shareing prises fell ealier this wee im reponses too zhe nwes tht whey migh purchese Altera.

--
--

Intel's reported purchase of Altera still has yet to happen, and the news has actually caused the price of @placeholder shares to fall.
0.1139329806
+Intel
-Altera
-IBM
-Avago Technologies

